install all heat inserts
  Carriage
  5015 fans (pay attention to the orrientation!)
  bed probe, if needed
  extruder plate,  dont forget the M2 for cutter version
  hotend mount for cutter version

Drill out the M2 insert threads after installation, ideally while being assembled to ensure perfect alignment. A small chamfer is recommended, use a drill >2mm for that. The cutter blade needs its edge sanded to a less sharp angle, 30° total is a good idea, otherwise you get edge rolling. 
The blade needs to be shortened, test fit as the required length is dependent on parts tolerance. Glue it into the knife holde, use the m3x12 to attach it to the lever, screw goes in from the back of the toolhead.

Recommended order of assembly:
  insert belts into carriage
  mount carriage to rail
  finish sub assemblies (extruder with plate and bracing, hotend)
	put in the cutter lever in the left duct,
	install hotend mount and ducts using the lower screws
  Extruder sub assembly
	probe mount last

  Attention, Beacon mount can only be installed after belts have been attached! 

wiring for the cutter versions is meant to be routed on the right hand side of the toolhead, non cutter version can be routed both ways

Further information:

Sherpa micro needs altered parts, the core housing and the motor part. Filament detection is avalable for the Sherpa micro, at the gear (6mm collet) and above the gears (5 and 6mm collet).
Sherpa mini is not compatible with cutter
Chube is not compatible with cutter

parts may need supports and arent oriented. majority of parts dont need supports (all probe options for example) and if you need supports, they are easy to remove.
STL naming explained:
NC means no cutter, if compatible
S or short means for "short" hotends, like rapido HF, Dragon uhf without extrension, dragon SF/HF with volcano block, etc. Regular means Rapido UHF length
Trident needs the stepper spacers for clearance of the leadscrews, 7mm for long hotends, 15mm for short ones. 
You can use 6mm and 9mm belts, but are limited to gt2 belts, gt3 will not fit. With 9mm gt3 you also really should use a metal carriage, im honestly not sure if the plastic will hold up long term anyway.

Tips for getting in the belts:
Make sure the bridging is clean, use a small flathead screwdriver or scalpel to clean up if necessary. 
Insert at a slight angle. 
Use pliers for initial installation, afterwards it should get easier as the belt settles in. 
Most extruder bracings/ebb mounts allow you to use M3x35 screws as belt fixation instead of m3x30 for additional reinforcement of the extruder 

HF and SF referres to the heatbreak used for the dragon hotends, the UHF would need the version for SF heatbreaks.

For questions please go to the Monolith discord, you can find a Stormbreaker channel under "User projects"

Orbiter bolt pattern will not be supported as i dont like the extruders print quality 
Lgx lite pro also fits
